[RHACS] Release notes for 3.71.2 patch (#51605)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/371-release-notes.adoc

[id="bug-fixes-371"]
== Bug fixes

[id="bug-fixes-371-2"]
=== Resolved in version 3.71.2

Release date: 13 October 2022

> * Before, because of a bug in {product-name-short} 3.71.1, the Collector pods stopped responding and reach a segmentation fault after allocating a memory block for the protocol buffer heap under certain load conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, because of a bug in {product-name-short} 3.71.1, the Collector pods stopped responding and reached a segmentation fault after allocating a memory block for the protocol buffer heap under certain load conditions.
```
There is nothing in our style information that prohibits using 'Before', I just thought 'Previously' sounded a bit better.
